# [Inspirational Leadership: Leading with Sense Specialization:](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/specialization/certificate/YJXA44TP7QRP)

This Specialization will help you switch from a top-down leadership, with the emphasis on authority, to an open leadership based on trust and sense.

This new approach of leadership, taught to HEC MBA’s student and top executives, encourages relationships between people in spite of their differences of opinion and enables better team leadership.

The Savoir-Relier protocol is based on more than 25 years of research and practice. It has been implemented with positive impact on individual and teams in companies like Apple, L'Oréal, LVMH, Sanofi or Pernod Ricard for example.

Just as them, as an executive, manager or individual, you will practice the Savoir-Relier method and discover that when done with courage, empathy, humility and resilience, it stimulates creative initiatives, and creates meaning to foster action and results. It will help you to overcome difficult situations with resilience and navigate complex systems.

You will explore your own leadership style through conversations with your peers, and acquire the necessary self-confidence to make good decisions based on the opinions and ideas of others, even if they are contradictory

You will also hear perspectives on leadership from outstanding leaders such as an Olympic athlete, business executives, and other distinguished guest speakers.

In the final Capstone Project, you will apply the skills you have grown and the models you have learned to address and overcome a personal leadership challenge.

S.No. | Certificate Name | Certificate Link
--- | --- | ---
01 | Building Your Leadership Skills | [View Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/UCLH6ZMHSSST)
02 | Giving Sense to Your Leadership Experience | [View Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/MBC2FMGPPL97)
03 | Leading Organizations | [View Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/PC893WW7RHTD)
04 | CAPSTONE: Your Leadership Challenge | [View Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/N7G9UF2GDJU3)

---
# Description of Certificates:

## Building Your Leadership Skills:
When taking this course, you will raise your own self-awareness and gain self-confidence for a better leadership. You will discover a new approach to leadership based on trust and sense. The “Savoir-Relier” leadership, a new approach of leadership, taught to HEC MBA’s student and top executives, enables better team leadership and encourages relationships between people in spite of their differences of opinion. You will develop relational skills, self-knowledge and self-awareness on the way to unfold your own leadership style. You’ll learn the skills of The Savoir-Relier (SR) methodology for better connecting with yourself or others by going through the following 4 steps for successful leadership: Introspection, Conversation, Resilience and Responsibility toward Value Creation. In this first MOOC of the "Inspirational Leadership" specialization, you will practice the first two steps of the method for successful leadership: Introspection and Conversation. You will get to know yourself better during the Introspection part and get a chance to improve your communication skills in order to better interact with others. You will meet people like you who will share their stories and their experience with Savoir-Relier and why it is so inspiring for them in their life. Together, you’ll develop greater self-awareness by developing a leadership self-portrait and going through fun activities to increase your empathy and communication. Leaders from different organizations and participants of the HEC Paris Leadership Certificate, the program from which this course and specialization are inspired, will share with you their insights about what it takes to become a great leader and what they are able to achieve now that they apply The Savoir-Relier methodology. This course is part of the specialization “Inspirational Leadership: Leading with Sense”. In the next courses, you'll go through the second two steps of leadership: Resilience and Responsibility toward Value Creation.


## Giving Sense to Your Leadership Experience:
With this course you will position your own leadership style and grow your resilience In this course, second course of the "Inspirational Leadership" Specialization, you will discover the characteristics of charismatic leadership. You’ll personally learn how to embody these traits through the “Savoir-Relier” (art of connecting and leading with sense) methodology, which covers 3Gs: being Genuine, Generous, and Generative. You will then choose which style of leadership best fits you, why and when so you can adapt to more complex and difficult situations with resilience. In a “Self-Portrait” and “Conversation” with your classmates, you will be able to adjust your own ideas about your leadership styles and strengths, allowing you to increase your self-awareness, improve your relational intelligence, and prepare you to confront crises and resolve conflicts. You will also be better prepared to face difficult situations and make better decisions by relying on both your perception and analytical skills. All these skills will help you create sense in your team so you can lead it better. This course is part of a Specialization on Leadership called “Inspirational Leadership: Leading with Sense”, so you may want to take the course “Building Your Leadership Skills” prior of taking this course. As where in course 1 “Building Your Leadership Skills” you have mostly worked on your inner-self and on the relation between you and the other, in this course you’ll work on the relationship between you and the group, improving your leadership skills when interacting in a team. Leaders from different organizations and participants of the HEC Paris Leadership Certificate, the program from which this course and specialization is inspired, will share with you their insights about what it takes to become a great leader in a group or team and what they are able to achieve now that they apply The Savoir-Relier methodology.

## Leading Organizations:
This course is the last course of the a Specialization on Leadership called “Inspirational Leadership: Leading with Sense”, so you may want to take the courses “Building Your Leadership Skills” and “Giving Sense to your Leadership Experience” prior of taking this course. In this course you’ll get the opportunity to apply the skills learned in the first two courses of the “Inspirational Leadership: Leading with Sense” as an individual to a group setting. The group could not only be an organization such as a company or a team in a company, but also a private group such as your family or an association. Specifically, you’ll apply the 4 steps of The Savoir-Relier protocol to your group: 1. defining the group identity by working on the group self-awareness, 2. creating quality relationships within the group, 3. working on resilience for the group to then be able to overcome difficult situation and 4. Making the organization grow by creating sense and meaning. So if you want your group to grow as a successful leader in its fields, if you want to find your identity as a group and create shared values for it, or if you want your group to become more resilient in face of change and crisis, this course is made for you! Finally, at the end of the course, you would have build sense for your group in order to be more efficient. Using real-life cases you will see how the genuine, generous and generative characteristics apply to the development of successful organizations. For example, you will apply the Relational Circuit to recruit effectively, or the Self-Portrait and Conversation exercises to create team cohesion and resilience to overcome crises and interpersonal conflicts. You will be able to form trustworthy relationships in spite of diverging or different views, and you will grow respect in your environment where sense will be a driver for you and your surrounding. Leaders from different organizations, will share with you their insights about how they have applied the Savoir-Relier approach to their company and how it has made the company more resilience and competitive.

